Princess, I came from the 21st century
Wang Xun
When this palace presides over
3-Year-olds can no longer afford not to tell the truth
Kill without mercy I said
It was actually brought by a friend of mine from overseas
I don't know exactly where
If you dare to play with this princess again
I will make you die miserably
Humph such a good wine
The princess didn't drink it
Is that cheaper?
He wanted to drink
Get him drunk
Don't I have a chance?
Princess is not a pity
I have another bottle here.
Hmph, I can't believe that wine is really that good
If the princess really wants to drink
I'll go to the street and buy it for you.
Is it good to drink? Wait a minute?
This is a glass bottle.
This is glass.
It is more precious than glass, so what if the bottle looks good?
Wine may not taste good
Ah this wine
Why is this wine so fragrant?